Story 1
The organ was terribly loud. The organist was pumping away like fury, playing music written to celebrate the Empire; practicing his vigorous harmonies to perfection. It was a wonder to hear it. I was thrilled to bits to see the extent to which he went in order to comply with my wishes for the upcoming celebrations. The Empire has not been forgotten and we will proudly march into the hall to this, the most stirring of music.

Story 2
I walked into the musical hall, listening to an old woman playing the organ. I can't believe that I am now in charge of an empire, I don't know how I got into this position. Even though I am supposedly in power I have been given so many rules I have to comply with. I feel like breaking all the rules and running away from here.

Story 3
You could hear the crisp and beefy sound of the organ from miles away even though there was no sign of a church at all. All you could see was the pale grim appearance of the large concrete buildings the empire built for their newly established capital. They wanted it to be free of soul, emotion, heart and everything any man can hold dear. That was the essence of the master plan, in which they could finally see all the people comply, like constantly anxious androids killing time to breathe and live for another day. This was no different than surviving rather than living merely.

Story 4
The vast church organ in the nave of the church seem like the vestige of an long forgotten empire. Endless vertical pipes that seemed to have been built by a larger race, not looking like they would comply with any current laws of physics. The sound was otherworldly to match

Story 5
The notes hung in the air, almost alive as they echoed around the cathedral. The beauty of an organ when played by a master is an unparalleled delight. I did not know the name of the piece, it was grand and almost military, perhaps a tribute to an empire long since lost to time. It certainly didn't comply with the playlist set for Michaelmas term this year, as I knew all those compositions by heart.

Story 6
Of course, I had to comply and enter the church as he had suggested. In it was an enormous organ, the biggest in the whole empire I was told. I looked at it for a long time, but struggled to find any beauty in it.

Story 7
There is a belief that the most beautiful instrument is the organ, which you might find gracing a church and whose music might sound melodic to your ears. To me, this instrument makes me think of centuries of kings and queens who forced people to comply. The empire that they built based on the expectation that the people needed them. So I prefer the lute.

Story 8
The empire was growing stronger, their fierce leader implementing new rules to his citizens daily and ensuring he had eyes all over the place to ensure they comply with the new rules. He wanted to run a nation that was disciplined and listened to orders. He was an incredibly extravagant leader, his bedroom almost laughable with how over the top it is. A large organ in what is now his living area, an organ that he insisted on keeping from the old converted church.

