Story 1
"Enter now Phantom! Come on now, stage left!" Mr Countgrieves bellowed like a desperate Caesar would demand the legionaries of his empire submit and comply to his authority. As he sat at the towering pipe organ he sighed. Elias, who was meant to be playing "The Phantom" was on a smoke break.

Story 2
In an empire someone heard music. They followed the sound and it lead them to someone else playing music on an organ instrument. The person playing the organ was having lessons from a music teacher and did comply with what they were told to play on the instrument. The music was beautiful. The musician was very talented.

Story 3
The entire empire got the invite to come and watch Sarah play the flute. She was anxious, nervous, and suddenly she could not breathe and the lights were blurring her vision. Next thing she woke up with doctors telling her to comply with their instructions and to calm down as the main organ of her body was

Story 4
Lisa was learning to be an organist. She already played the piano but was working hard to comply with the requirements to pass her exams. She enjoyed playing the organ, especially in a very large venue where she could play a very well known piece from Star Wars "The Empire Strikes Back"

Story 5
Mary loved playing the organ in church. Sitting so high up, she felt like she was the ruler of a Christian empire. She got to command the mood of the ceremony, allowing it to have its peaks and troughs. Ultimately, she knew that the churchgoers would comply with each single note that she played.

Story 6
The brass band had never had an organ player before so it was something new to all of them. Some of them were a bit unsure but they couldn't turn down the opportunity to play with a member of the british empire!! They just hope the organ player would comply with the etiquettes they had as a band.

Story 7
Jason played his organ loudly, entertaining the higher-ups of the empire. He had been asked to play at the society wedding, and had strict instructions to play only romantic and beautiful songs. However, he was a member of the secret society and had a plan. He started to play a stirring, uplifting song which did not comply with his orders, and the society rushed in through the open doors, ready to attack.

