Story: R_8kEPJucbd4CbnFO_Q3
	Creativity: 2.0, Originality: 3.0, Surprise: 2.0, Value: 1.5
	He would not listen, Intransigent in his beliefs that the country in which he lived was justified in his imperial conquest of the world. An empire of beliefs. An empire where the sun never set. He did not understand the absurdity of his supremacism, and in his own limited mind believe that there was nothing wrong in bending the will of others he saw as beneath him - comply or be repressed. Comply or be subdued. Like a festering organ, he disgorged his retrograde beliefs and I wondered if I ever really knew him at all. Was this what others thought? Believed. That some men were meant to rule others by virtue of some unknown inherent sense of superiority? The friendship would be forever broken. I was certain of this.


Story: R_27PrrUR0LzzSU4k_Q3
	Creativity: 2.5, Originality: 2.5, Surprise: 1.5, Value: 2.5
	The British empire was at its peak, the general had reigning power on the poor locals. All they had was to comply to this force that had entered their country. The churches were erected and instilled their unjust values. Inside one church, was a vast organ that rung out and around the land. A reminder to the occupied.


Story: R_8VyQYwyI8iMwwKJ_Q3
	Creativity: 2.5, Originality: 2.5, Surprise: 2.0, Value: 2.5
	The vast church organ in the nave of the church seem like the vestige of an long forgotten empire. Endless vertical pipes that seemed to have been built by a larger race, not looking like they would comply with any current laws of physics. The sound was otherworldly to match


Story: R_2bxsVUkaSaFXjdD_Q3
	Creativity: 2.5, Originality: 2.5, Surprise: 2.0, Value: 3.5
	The Roman Empire was big, bold and powerful. Each of the small provinces were required to comply with its laws at all times. A central group, also known as the organ of the empire ensured that things ran smoothly and everyone complied.


Story: R_8bVpeztZaqiDial_Q3
	Creativity: 2.5, Originality: 3.0, Surprise: 3.0, Value: 4.0
	I am very good at playing the organ such that I was invited to play at a ceremony for the giving of medals. When it came to the empire medal I had to play specific music to comply with the requirements of the ceremony


