Story: R_8JLzPcPzxxmeT2T_Q2
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 5.0, Value: 5.0
	"Send for the detective" screamed the woman staring at the body on the ground. Detective Monroe soon arrived and could clearly see the body had been long dead, the letter of the infamous stamp killer, stamped onto the victims head with significant force was plain to see. Thirteen months and thirteen deaths, each one with a letter on their head, following the alphabet. Monroe only hoped they could stop the killer before they got to Z, or he would go postal.


Story: R_2rra18JsIdbb7pI_Q2
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 5.0, Value: 5.0
	"Just send it bro!" Jesse's friends were shouting to him at the bottom of the waterfall; as they continued to stamp their feet, he looked at the sign that exclaimed just metres from him, "No diving!" As a lad who never clung to the letter of the law he jumped; only noticing the green of the algae shining on the rocks below as he reached them.


Story: R_2BoHBhJy5N6y8ZX_Q2
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 5.0
	I was angry. A great stamp of the feet. The first letter of my name had come out wrong on my new monogram logo. I'll have to send it back.


Story: R_8U0c5Ms0PJ9VYTm_Q2
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 4.5, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 5.0
	Yesterday I received a letter in the post. As I pulled it out of the letterbox I jumped back. A large spider had come in with it. In order to avoid it running up my leg I was hopping about and also trying not to stamp on it. In the end I opened the door and it moved to the step. I used the sweeping brush to help send it on its way.


Story: R_2joIDdCu9ghOfCw_Q2
	Creativity: 4.5, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 5.0
	I was fighting my demons today, I wanted to stamp on all the little bugs that had been biting me the previous night. I decided to act with some restraint, quelled my emotions, and I began writing a letter. I addressed the letter to the king, the king of bugs. I had met the bug previously in a vicious encounter with a few from his kind, they bit my legs and he was the one who calmed the attack. He saved me from multiple layers of bite cream that evening. I sent the letter and hesitantly waited for his response. Five days later, I had correspondence. The king had enough of my perpetuate moaning, he had declared war on the humans.


