Story: R_82McyGIYTts4bOU_Q3
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 5.0
	Did you hear the one about the unluckiest man in the world? He once fell off the Empire State Building but landed without breaking one single bone! A miracle - Some would even call it witchcraft! But that's where his luck ran out. You see, while he was lying on the ground, a stray dog ran up to him and bit him right in the eye! Now he is on the Organ donor list waiting for new corneas, however rumor is that he doesn't comply with their rules, so he may be known as one-eyed Pete forever!


Story: R_8mxVCke66o4WOVl_Q3
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 5.0
	There is a belief that the most beautiful instrument is the organ, which you might find gracing a church and whose music might sound melodic to your ears. To me, this instrument makes me think of centuries of kings and queens who forced people to comply. The empire that they built based on the expectation that the people needed them. So I prefer the lute.


Story: R_2rra18JsIdbb7pI_Q3
	Creativity: 4.5, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 4.5
	"Enter now Phantom! Come on now, stage left!" Mr Countgrieves bellowed like a desperate Caesar would demand the legionaries of his empire submit and comply to his authority. As he sat at the towering pipe organ he sighed. Elias, who was meant to be playing "The Phantom" was on a smoke break.


Story: R_8kQG02fwq7ubaOB_Q3
	Creativity: 4.5, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 4.0
	In 2142, the British empire has a problem. With the lack of jobs many have turned to organ sharks. If you take a loan from them and don't pay them back they give you a warning. After some time has passed, and you still don't comply, they come and gut you for what you have usually taking a liver or kidney. Gutted people are called husks which are marked by the organ sharks.


Story: R_2BoHBhJy5N6y8ZX_Q3
	Creativity: 4.5, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.0, Value: 4.5
	My favourite bodily organ is my right eye. With it, I can see the whole vista of the empire when I stand at the highest point of the island. The laws of optics suggest it shouldn't be so, but in magic worlds eyes don't have to comply with the laws of terrestrial physics


