Story: R_82McyGIYTts4bOU_Q1
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 5.0, Value: 5.0
	A car mechanic had the surprise of his life when his wife gave birth to three babies instead of one! As he and his wife stared down at their three new children, the midwife stood behind them and asked a very valid question. "So, what will you call them?" You see, they had a name for baby number one. They were naming him after his favourite WWF wrestler, Diesel. But the other two...? He began to sweat. With the pressure of both his wife and the midwives eyes on him, he blurted out the first two things he could think of. "Their names are Diesel, Petrol and Pump!" And that is the story of how their children got their very unique names. Thanks Dad.


Story: R_2JzuWAk6bRQPato_Q1
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 5.0, Value: 5.0
	During one night at my local gym I bumped into Vin Diesel who commented on my ability to lift my weight correctly. He decided to show me a better way to get my pump on. Whilst given the chance to ask him, I quipped if he had any siblings named after petrol.


Story: R_2iUnWVtJB7cvKHj_Q1
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 5.0
	My name is Diesel, Diesel Harcourt. A lot of people ask me where the inspiration for Diesel came from. My mother gave birth to me at the petrol station. She was 38.5 weeks pregnant, and I was not supposed to arrive for another 10 or so days. My father had taken her out for dinner at their favorite restaurant and they had stopped for gas along the way. Just as he'd gotten out and was lifting the pump, he heard her calling out for him. "I think my water just broke!"


Story: R_2joIDdCu9ghOfCw_Q1
	Creativity: 5.0, Originality: 4.5, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 4.5
	I was heading towards the supermarket when I saw a large sign offering petrol for £0.50. I thought to myself, how unfortunate, I'm driving a diesel car. I went to the petrol station anyway and peered intently at the pump. I wanted to use it, I needed that cheap gas. I quickly started pumping the petrol into my diesel car. One hundred liters later, petrol overflowing all over the floor, I stand there laughing hysterically. My ex-partner was meant to come collect her car today, not anymore.


Story: R_2BoHBhJy5N6y8ZX_Q1
	Creativity: 4.5, Originality: 5.0, Surprise: 4.5, Value: 5.0
	What happens when you put diesel into a petrol car? My friend and I decided to find out. He has a petrol car, and I a diesel one, and so we swapped fuels and started the engine. We had to use our feet to pump the accelerator before anything happened. All seemed to be well, so we wondered why. It turned out we'd forgotten which car was which, and so each vehicle had its correct fuel.


