Story 1
The newest member of the stamp club blitzed through the school corridor in an attempt to make a punctual start to his time at the club. In the event of this rush, he dropped his most valuable stamp as it slipped out of his book beyond the boy's knowledge. 2 hours later, he made his way back to same route he took, only to find that somebody else had already used his stamp to send off a letter.

Story 2
One early Friday morning, there was a knock on the front door. I opened the door, there stood the 'Postie' in red brandishing a golden letter. Making little conversation and hastily shutting the door, I made my way into the living room whilst ripping open the letter. I was ecstatic, the final stamp to my collection had arrived, I could now send my hopefully, winning entry into the local collection competition.

Story 3
The Hudson's little boy loved the postman arriving. While he never needed to send any letters, he did love receiving his parent's ones. As soon as a letter arrived, he thanked the postman and peeled off the stamp, sticking it into his notebook, where he got to practice writing envelopes.

Story 4
A man was looking for a stamp to emboss onto a letter he had to send before the end of the day. He went to the supermarket to find a suitable stamp with some ink to apply it with. On his return trip he realised he lived only 200 yards from a post box which would allow him to send it today.

Story 5
On Friday morning, just before work, Harry went downstairs from his room to see he had received a letter. On the letter was a 1st class stamp and Harry's first and last name in big, bold letters which automatically let Harry know this letter was urgent. Harry quickly opened the letter and saw it was a letter from his great Aunt letter letting him know he should remember to send the mini fridge she sent him as it was the only fridge she had.

Story 6
As I was preparing to send my gifts out, I walked up to the door of the post office and noticed a letter lying on the ground. It had the most beautiful stamp design on the corner, I'd never seen anything like it. I then looked closer and with sudden shock realized it was addressed to me. I took a sharp breath in and looked around to see if there was anyone I knew nearby, I was the only person there, so I quickly popped it into my bag, to open it as soon as I got home.

