Story 1
There is something special about writing a letter, a real letter, not an email or a text message. Taking the time to sit down, place a sheet of paper on my desk, choose from one of my favourite pens and just write whilst sipping a cup of coffee. The bit I like best is the satisfaction of inserting the letter in an envelope, licking the glue, sealing it and then choose a stamp from my collection that I know the recipient will like. I get up, put my shoes on, take my letter and go on a walk around the local park until I spot the very unusual letterbox where a tree has grown to engulf it And I send my letter by posting it through the red letterbox. If this isn't slow living to enjoy the present I don't know what is.

Story 2
I clicked "Send email" and I shut down my computer. I felt exhausted, and I wanted to go to bed. Writing emails always drained the life out of me, and I'd written over 20 emails in one day, spanning morning to evening. I'd also been to the post office to send a letter to my friend over in America. I was stupid and forgot to write the zip code, so the person at the desk told me off. But it was lucky he caught it in time. He gave me a receipt on which he took a stamp and stamp.

Story 3
The skill of written communication is dying. Having worked away from home for extended periods of time from loved ones, I would eagerly anticipate the arrival of a letter to pick up my morale. Now we write emails sent electronically, but I used to love a trip to the post box to send my communication instead. Email is easier and prevents the need to purchase a rather expensive stamp to deliver them these days. Electronic emails are instantly sent and received rather than have to specifically take a trip out to send a letter by post.

Story 4
I picked up the initial stamp, carved with an ornate letter 'P' and pressed it into the hot wax that sealed the intensely personal letter firmly closed, safe from prying eyes. It maybe seemed like an old fashioned, outdated way to send a message but who knows where emails or whatsapps end up these day. A wax sealed letter, delivered by Uber was the modern day messenger courier

Story 5
My mother said she never gets any post anymore, that everything is by email or phone call!! So I decided to give her a surprise and write her a little letter. I could send it on the way home from work and she would get it hopefully in a few days. I got out my notecards and sent a little hello from me and quickly put it in the envelope. Oh no, I needed a stamp!!

