Story 1
Josie was a quiet girl who lived in a small village and had a hobby as a stamp collector. Her dad worked in the local post office so she had access to lots of stamps and loved seeing all the different types on the letters that came through the post office, although she would never use any of her stamp collection on normal letters herself, they were too special to her. When letters would be returned to the post office when a letter couldn't be posted, her father would send the old stamps her way.

Story 2
Once upon a time there was a retired postman called Edward. Over the years he had become obsessive with collecting stamps. One day he was at a retired postperson convention and he met other stamp collecting enthusiasts. He made a good friend in retired postwoman Sarah, and she showed him a brilliant stamp which seemed to have a moving face (of an ostrich) thanks to the silver holographic effect. They decided to stay in touch by letter to discuss their stamp collections and trade their weird and wonderful stamps. At Christmas Sarah decided to send Edward a letter with a special gift; she had sourced one of the rare ostrich stamps for him. Edward was delighted and decided to frame it.

Story 3
They had a love for beauty, of things done and action taken. The stamp was a special one, an anniversary stamp for a major national event. Eventually they'd send the letter, but in this case it was about appreciating the event and process. It was a lovely gesture for someone they cared deeply about.

Story 4
Since I was 5 years old I have been collecting stamps in a lovely leather bound book, each year I add to my collection with various limited addition stamps. My mother and I love to look through the book at christmas time and see what different images and stamps have been collected. Sometimes for very special family members birthdays I select a stamp from my collection and I use to it send a letter. I like to choose and envelope colour which really sets off the design of the stamp and I hope very much that the recipient is appreciative of the choice and enjoys opening the special letter.

