Story 1
Lucy threw the letter on the ground. She was not going to read another word of this rubbish. She stamped on the envelope and screwed her heel into the paper, ripping it. How satisfying, she thought, that'll teach him to send me such dross. She walked out of the room with her head held high, smiling at the feeling of release and closure.

Story 2
As he sent the email, the screen went blank and Jon knew something was wrong. Since receiving that letter from an anonymous sender, things had gone from bad to worse. The letter said the sender had incriminating evidence on Jon, and unless he did exactly what they asked, it would be publicly shared. He didn't know what dirt they had on him, but he could guess. A self-confessed miser, Jon never affixed a stamp to any of his letters, instead making the recipient pay for the privilege of receiving his communications.

Story 3
The recommendation letter had been on his desk for a couple of weeks now, and he was staring at it, wondering if being honest about Tom's violent outbursts was the right thing to do. He had just asked his assistant to schedule the letter to be picked up by the courier. Tom will never get into the program if he gets to send the letter. He would have put a stamp and seal for him never to see his daughter again. "Can I ignore the violent outbursts? Can he be a better man?" It was a decision he had to make.

Story 4
He tore up the letter into small pieces and threw it on the ground, stamping it into the mud for good measure. He felt his face redden with anger and consciously tried to calm himself down. To be honest though, the response he had got was enough to send anyone into a rage. He glanced up and saw the group of girls across the street, giggling and whispering, making no effort to disguise their behaviour. That was the last time he followed his therapist's idea of expressing his feelings in writing to a girl he liked.

Story 5
My friend asked me to post a letter. I said no. I didn't expect it to send her into a rage and make her stamp her feet.

