Story 1
In the dark gloom of the winter morning, Lisa looked at her payment for the 5 foot teddy bear she had bought last night whilst extremely intoxicated and wondered what on earth she was thinking. Sometimes she felt there was no point in her sad lonely life and whether any one cared she was here. Did she even exist at all?

Story 2
Rose shouldn't be forced to exist in this gloom. The UK weather was so depressing. "Get me on a plane to hotter climes immediately!" She demanded. Waving her credit card around she screamed "Come on people! Allow me to make that payment".

Story 3
She didn't want to exist anymore. She had made the final payment on her mortgage, and now owned the house she had been living in for forty years - but all she felt was gloom. In every ten year plan she made, she allowed herself some breathing space - she would finally achieve her dreams once she had paid that final sum. She couldn't bring herself to do anything now that she was there.

Story 4
Sarah was suffering with a case of the blues lately, it was all doom and gloom in her mind and feeling like she was simply existing rather than living. Sarah felt like her adult days were poor, one payment after the other coming out of her hard earned money. She told everyone around her she was all work and no play in order to simply exist in the world, and it was not the life she wanted.

Story 5
Emma had to make a payment for her electricity so she put her coat on and headed to the post office. It was so foggy she could barely see through the gloom. On the way to the post office she saw some pigeons sitting together looking cold and miserable and she wondered what it was like to exist

Story 6
Wendy was extremely distressed. She had returned home from work to a pile of letters, and she looked with some dismay at the first letter with a red banding. Gloom descended across her face when she realised that she owed a payment to a holiday company; she had forgotten to pay her deposit. Wendy wondered why debt collection companies had to exist, so she decided to pack up her belongings and instead went backpacking.

Story 7
The dark grey skies gave a sense of gloom to Marly as she walked to the market. She made her payment and walked home with her 4 green apples. "Am I just born to exist? ", she asked herself.

