Story: R_2mqjhNO26XNoi6R_Q3
	Creativity: 4.2, Originality: 3.2, Surprise: 2.2, Value: 3.8
	The notes hung in the air, almost alive as they echoed around the cathedral. The beauty of an organ when played by a master is an unparalleled delight. I did not know the name of the piece, it was grand and almost military, perhaps a tribute to an empire long since lost to time. It certainly didn't comply with the playlist set for Michaelmas term this year, as I knew all those compositions by heart.


Story: R_2mqjhNO26XNoi6R_Q1
	Creativity: 4.0, Originality: 3.0, Surprise: 2.4, Value: 3.8
	As I walked along the ruined banks of the polluted river, the stench of diesel was almost overpowering. The devastation of this habitat since the pump had malfunctioned and spewed waste was almost complete. I could have wept in memory of the past beauty that was lost. The glorious verdant and lush vegetation, the dazzling colours of the flowers; even the flash of the petrol blue feathers of a rare kingfisher.


Story: R_8JLzPcPzxxmeT2T_Q4
	Creativity: 3.8, Originality: 3.6, Surprise: 2.8, Value: 3.4
	In the city of Aether, the gloom was everywhere. Most people couldn't see it, but it definitely did exist. For those few that could see it, there were even fewer who could interact with it, and for those people there was money to be made. The gloom seekers as they were known would take your payment and disappear into the gloom, returning a few days later with treasures unknown to the city of Aether, brought from the parallel worlds beyond the gloom.


Story: R_87z2b4sr7in6R21_Q4
	Creativity: 3.8, Originality: 2.8, Surprise: 4.2, Value: 4.2
	She opened the door to the castle and, as if she were in a storybook, it creaked ominously. She peered into the gloom, looking around for a light switch, but of course it wouldn't have worked anyway. How could someone exist in such a cold, dark dwelling these days? "Hello?" she called out, "I'm here to collect your energy payment, so we can get you connected again." Suddenly there was a swish of fabric and an elderly gentleman in a long black cape appeared as though from nowhere saying "Oh, you are the one who will pay."


Story: R_8JLzPcPzxxmeT2T_Q2
	Creativity: 3.6, Originality: 3.6, Surprise: 3.6, Value: 3.6
	"Send for the detective" screamed the woman staring at the body on the ground. Detective Monroe soon arrived and could clearly see the body had been long dead, the letter of the infamous stamp killer, stamped onto the victims head with significant force was plain to see. Thirteen months and thirteen deaths, each one with a letter on their head, following the alphabet. Monroe only hoped they could stop the killer before they got to Z, or he would go postal.


