Story 1
What happens when you put diesel into a petrol car? My friend and I decided to find out. He has a petrol car, and I a diesel one, and so we swapped fuels and started the engine. We had to use our feet to pump the accelerator before anything happened. All seemed to be well, so we wondered why. It turned out we'd forgotten which car was which, and so each vehicle had its correct fuel.

Story 2
I went to buy a new car. When I reached there I forgot whether I should buy the car with petrol or diesel. I figured it out after asking my friend on phone. He also mentioned about the different pump types in different cars.

Story 3
Unsure which vehicle to purchase from the sparkling showroom, I decided to take a seat in the waiting area, with a coffee to decide. There were both pros and cons to either a petrol or diesel powered vehicle. After careful consideration and finally purchasing my new vehicle, the day had arrived to collect from the showroom. Leaving the forecourt and driving down the road, the underinflated tyre pressure light 'pinged' on the dashboard. Before returning home I nipped into the local garage to inflate the tyre with an air pump to ensure the car was maintained.

Story 4
Jim stepped foot into the car showroom and was browsing the various models and makes of vehicles available in his price range. The manager approached Jim to enquire what kind of car he would like and whether it would suit his needs. Jim explained that he previously had a Toyota RAV4 which was a diesel vehicle and as much as he loved his car, he told the manager of the car showroom that it kept breaking down and costing him money. On further questioning by the manager, they both decided that due to Jim only doing short distances in his car, never driving distances or driving on the motorway, that a petrol car would be much more suited to his needs. The manager explained how a diesel car needed long distance driving and was not really suitable for Jim's situation. Jim finally signed off on a new petrol car, the manager agreed he could drive it off the lot that day if Jim was willing to pump the gas on the way home as it was low in fuel already. Jim readily agreed and happily drove his new car away, stopping to pump his new petrol vehicle on the way home.

Story 5
The pump for my bicycle broke the other day. It got a puncture. Would you be able to believe the irony, because I certainly wouldn't! This meant that until I could source a new one, or fix that one, I was borrowing and driving my mum's car. The only problem with this, was that the first time I took it to get filled up I was not sure whether it took petrol or diesel...

Story 6
There was a beautiful car. It had a shiny exterior with beautiful and intricate paintwork. Its interior was luxurious. It was unknown at first whether petrol or diesel would fuel the car. It was discovered through research, rather than just to pump the car with either petrol or diesel, that the car runs on petrol.

