Story 1
It was a rainy, dreary kind of day but just a normal one in England. I had a car full of petrol and I decided to take a drive out to the shopping centre; being outside today was not an option! As I was going round the bend just down the road, my car slipped on some spilt diesel. I went to pump my brakes But I ended up spinning out of control and crashed! Luckily I was not hurt so a day at home watching movies seemed the safer option.

Story 2
The motor coughed, jerked and the warning light flashed, jeez outta gas! It's a good five miles to the next town and its blowing a blizzard out there. This weather is due to set in for weeks, so I can't stay here. I've got a tank of diesel in the trunk for the tractor, so I'll have to use that. It'll ruin the petrol engine, but at least it will get me to the next town, or at least most of the way there. Hopefully they will will be able to pump and flush the engine before it is completely ruined.

Story 3
I was driving down the highway, on my way to visit my uncle at his farm when I decided to pull over and take a break. I ran into the shop to grab some food and drink as I still had a few hours to go before reaching the farm. I checked the car and thought I better top up the tank before going too much further, so I drove on down to the pump. As it was a long journey and my beat up little truck was not up to the try, I hired a car and it took me a good few minutes to work out if I was driving a petrol or diesel car. Just as I was filling up, a stranger walked up to me asking for change. I thought what was the worst that could happen, so handed over the loose change I had. Very politely he thanked for my kindness, little did I know this was going to set off a chain of events I could never have imagined.

Story 4
It was still another 10 miles to the next petrol or diesel pump. I didn't even know what this old battered car took but whatever it was it was running on fumes. I'd soon know about it if it was diesel as I think I heard once that you cant let a diesel tank run drive or the engine would go kaput. Every extra mile the car got was one fewer to the safety and one more away them.

Story 5
I was heading towards the supermarket when I saw a large sign offering petrol for £0.50. I thought to myself, how unfortunate, I'm driving a diesel car. I went to the petrol station anyway and peered intently at the pump. I wanted to use it, I needed that cheap gas. I quickly started pumping the petrol into my diesel car. One hundred liters later, petrol overflowing all over the floor, I stand there laughing hysterically. My ex-partner was meant to come collect her car today, not anymore.

Story 6
I was driving my petrol lawnmower whilst maintaining my 3 acres of fields. In a lapse of judgement I accidentally crashed into a water pump that irrigated the farm. Whilst the pump was being repaired, I had to hire a diesel generator to replace the pump.

Story 7
I made it a few miles down the road before I heard that terrible noise. The car rolled to a stop by the side of the road and I realised my mistake. I'd put diesel in my petrol car! They were right beside each other at the pump. Now the long wait for the recovery man, how embarrassing!

Story 8
One snowy evening, I set off in my mini cooper to my grandparents house, the journey was around 2 hours in length, about half way through I needed to stop to get some fuel. I had a strange loss of my senses and when I got to the pump I had forgotten whether the car took petrol or diesel, in my moment of madness I filled up the car with the wrong type of fuel! I sadly didn't realise until a few minutes into my journey after setting off again

